# Project Description and Requirements
### The work aims to understand the process of using various data and knowledge mining techniques to solve real problems. The work consists of various sections for which you are asked to provide a description of the solutions you propose while at the same time you will have to apply data mining algorithms that fit each time. In case you decide to offer specific solutions (e.g. analytics for your problem and presentation of the knowledge extracted) you can adopt any package you wish (e.g. python, Weka, etc.).
## 20%
##### An important part of starting a successful data mining business is finding problems where other businesses lack the internal resources and expertise to do their own data monitoring, processing, and mining. Many businesses fail to implement data mining techniques, which can leave them vulnerable to market or technological innovation. In this light, you are asked to identify and describe an existing problem (related to a lack of resources and expertise to apply data and knowledge mining methods) in any field of your choice. In your description, you should document the need for the solution and the innovation it will bring.
## 20%
##### A significant part of starting a successful data mining business is finding problems where other businesses do not have the internal resources and expertise to do their own data monitoring, processing and mining. Many businesses fail to implement data mining techniques, which can leave them vulnerable to market or technological innovation. In this light, you are invited to identify and describe an existing problem (related to the lack of resources and expertise to apply data and knowledge mining methods) in any field of your choice. In your description, you should document the need for the solution to the problem and the innovation it will bring
## 20%
##### Describe the needs for applying preprocessing methods to the data related to your idea. Provide a detailed description of the steps and algorithms you will apply, as well as the reasons for their selection.
## 30% 
##### Describe in detail the data and knowledge mining algorithms that you will adopt, the goal of each and the knowledge that will be extracted. Provide examples of execution on the data you have identified. In case you have not identified data, these could be generated randomly
## 10%
##### Describe in detail the strategic decisions you could base on the results and how they will help your company's progress.
